docs/graphql/manual/auth/index.rst, before:

Authentication / Access control
===============================

.. contents:: Table of contents
  :backlinks: none
  :depth: 1
  :local:

Hasura helps you define granular access control rules for every field in your GraphQL schema. These access control
rules use dynamic session variables that are passed with every request to define both row and column level permissions
on your data.

**For example:**

.. thumbnail:: ../../../img/graphql/manual/auth/hasura-perms.png
   :width: 80 %

**While developing**, you can send the session variables as request headers directly.

However, **in production** when your application is deployed, your app can't send these authorization variables
directly! Your app will likely only send an authorization token or cookie provided by your app's authentication
system to Hasura. In this case, Hasura will make a request to a webhook set up by you with the request headers your
app has sent (authorization tokens, cookies, etc). The webhook should then return the variables required as context for
the access control rules. Alternatively, your app can send to Hasura JWT tokens, which can then be decoded by Hasura to
get the variables required for the access control rules.

See :doc:`webhook` or :doc:`jwt` for more details on passing dynamic session variables.

Next, let's setup some :doc:`basic access control rules <basics>`.

**See:**

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   basics
   roles-variables
   common-roles-auth-examples
   webhook
   webhook-examples
   jwt
   jwt-examples

Commit message:

1) run_pytest_scenario.py to run a particular test scenario 2) Replacing super classes with fixtures 3) Module to skip test modules based on the test scenario

docs/graphql/manual/auth/index.rst, after:

Authentication & Authorization
==============================

.. contents:: Table of contents
  :backlinks: none
  :depth: 1
  :local:

In Hasura, access control or authorization is based on **roles**. Let's take a look at how this works
when GraphQL engine receives a request:

.. thumbnail:: ../../../img/graphql/manual/auth/auth-high-level-overview.png

As you can see from this:

- **Authentication** is handled outside Hasura. Hasura delegates authentication and resolution of request
  headers into session variables to your authentication service *(existing or new)*.

  Your authentication service is required to pass a user's **role** information in the form of session
  variables like ``X-Hasura-Role``, etc. More often than not, you'll also need to pass user information
  for your access-control use-cases, like ``X-Hasura-User-Id``, to build permission rules.

- For **Authorization** or **Access Control**, Hasura helps you define granular role-based access control
  rules for every field in your GraphQL schema *(granular enough to control access to any row or
  column in your database)*.

  Hasura uses the role/user information in the session variables and the actual query itself to validate
  the query against the rules defined by you. If the query/operation is allowed, it generates a SQL
  query, which includes the row/column-level constraints from the access control rules, and sends it to
  the database to perform the required operation (*fetch the required rows for queries, insert/edit
  rows for mutations, etc.*).

**See more details about setting up authentication and access control at:**

.. toctree::
  :maxdepth: 1

  authentication/index
  authorization/index
